Okay,
guys,
from Welcome back.
Now,
in the next few lectures,
we're gonna have a look at one of the rial powerhouses of any programmers Toolbox.
And now this.
The array,
their way back at the start of this section,
we looked at variables on variables can best be described as a box or units of memory that
holds a single value.
Well,
what happens if we want to hold a whole bunch of different values?
that's exactly what the Raiders now,
just before we get into the code improperly,
I've written this very crude piece of code that demonstrates what life would be like
without a raise.
Now,
at the moment,
I have the Project Explorer visible just so you can see that we have multiple sheets and
I'm gonna be calling each of them in the next few lectures by their VB code name.
So you'll see that when you download the file,
which is a downloadable resource on this very lecture,
and it's called a raise dot x l S X and,
as always,
you'll have your get your code here so you can paste in all the code into a module and
follow along well here we have the colors of the rainbow.
Seven of them listed.
Down here on here.
We have a what life would be like without a raise piece of code,
which is inelegant,
inefficient,
but it absolutely works.
So remember,
ugly code still works.
I'm just going to step through this.
I've declared all my variables and I'm going to read into my valuable one.
The rank,
the value in range.
A one my valuable to to from a to three from a 34 from a four andan.
So,
no,
I have in my seven valuables 123 all the different colors that we've just read from here.
Now I'm gonna write those same variables to column be someone there,
press F eight effectively to faint all the way through.
And they go.
That code executes beautifully,
but you can see we already have seven variable declarations,
seven variables or seven lines of code to read the data on also seven lines of code to
write the data.
No,
I know we could wrap that up in a loop to make it a little bit shorter,
but that's just for seven individual variables.
What if you have 50 variables or 1000 variables or 100,000 variables you can see very
quickly that your code is going to become absolutely huge.
Okay,
now we know they're valuable canal.
One piece of data.
Well,
Honore is essentially a variable that can hold multiple pieces of data.
And in the next few lectures,
we're gonna have Look at exactly how you do that.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.